h1. Gumball Machine Server-Side

By Louis Yu, Janet Huang, and many awesome contributors!

h2. Packages You need

You need to install an apache http-server on your local machine in order to run our server-side code. Two ways to install these packages:

1. Install the "XAMPP":http://www.apachefriends.org/en/xampp.html package. (for Windows/Linux/MacOS) (Recommended)  
* How to launch the XAMPP service.

2. Install the *Apache Server* + *MySQL* + *PHP* seperately. (for Linux/MacOS) 

h2. Installation Steps.

1. Download the code from SweetRewardCSIE, you have two ways to download the project directory.
* Option 1. Pull the code if you know how to use "git":http://git-scm.com/downloads
@git clone https://github.com/louisccc/SweetRewardCSIE.git@
* Option 2. Download "*master.zip*":https://github.com/louisccc/SweetRewardCSIE/archive/master.zip directly


2. Move the directory *SweetRewardCSIE/* to your webpage directory. It depends on your apache server's settings. e.g. *"XAMPP/www/" for XAMPP User*, or *"htdocs/"*, or *"Sites/"*
3. Rename the file *SweetRewardCSIE/php/config.php.template* to *config.php*
@cp SweetRewardCSIE/php/config.php.template SweetRewardCSIE/php/config.php@
* Modify the database information. 

4. Rename the file *SweetRewardCSIE/collaboration/config.json.template* to *config.json*
@cp SweetRewardCSIE/collaboration/config.json.template SweetRewardCSIE/collaboration/config.json@
* Modify the url of your localhost server.(Can reference to the existing one)

5. Install the database schema to your local database.
* If you use command line, give commands
@cd [your sweetrewardCSIE's path]/SweetRewardCSIE/@
@mysql -u [username of your database] -p [your database name] < schema.sql@
* If you use phpmyadmin, please press the import button and choose the file *schema.sql* under *SweetRewardCSIE/* and finish installing our schema to your database.


