h2. *Sweetfeedback API*
* Before using Sweetfeedback API
** Make sure to update the newest database schema (see the "page":https://github.com/louisccc/SweetRewardCSIE if you don't know how), or you might encounter some troubles with the inconsistent database schema .

h2. *How to use API*

h3. *getLocations.php*
* Example 

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/getLocations.php?location_id=x@
* Funtion
** Return all the locations data that database contains.
* Parameters (GET Method):
** *location_id* (optional) 
*** Will return all location information if you don't specify the location_id

h3. *getWindows.php*
* Example

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/getWindows.php?window_id=x@
* Funtion
** Return all the windows data that database contains.
* Parameters (GET Method):
** *window_id* (optional) 
*** Will return all window information if you don't specify the window_id

h3. *insertExtendedWindowState.php*
* Example

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/insertExtendedWindowState.php?location_id=x&window_id=x&state=x@
* Function
** Insert the window state data to database.
* Parameters (GET Method):
** *location_id* (optional)
** *window_id*  
** *state*

h3. *getSmartPowerData.php*
* Example 

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/getSmartPowerData.php@
* Function 
** Return all the newest data from R324's data.
* Parameters (GET Method)
** None


h2. *Mobile application*

h3. *userActionTrigger.php*
* Example 

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/userActionTrigger.php?window_id=x&token=xdafsdfsafsafsafd@
* Function 
** Tell server that a user has done something to the specific window (if a user correctly does something on window, a positive feedback will be inserted to server)
** An user can tell server directly what he did (by setting the parameter *action*)
* Parameters (GET Method) 
** *window_id* the window that a user does something on
** *token* the token of specific user. 
** *action* (Optional) 

h2. *Ranking List*

h3. *getSolveProblemRoomRank.php*
* Example

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/getSolveProblemRoomRank.php@
* Function 
** Return the ranked list of room in terms of the problem solved in that room.
* Parameters (GET Method) 
** None 

h3. *getSolveProblemUserRank.php*
* Example

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/getSolveProblemUserRank.php@
* Function 
** Return the ranked list of user in terms of the problem solved by that user.
* Parameters (GET Method) 
** None 

h3. *getUnsolveProblemRoomRank.php*
* Example

@[host url]/SweetRewardCSIE/php/getUnsolveProblemRoomRank.php@
* Function 
** Return the ranked list of room in terms of the problem unsolved in that room.
* Parameters (GET Method) 
** None 



